"The electrical state at the terminal matches the battery""s electrical state"	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
there is a gap between the postive terminal 6	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
it was copntained ina closed circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
When one bulb goes out it creates a gap on the path.	each bulb is in its own path
Burnt bulbs have no voltage at one of there terminals.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
the closed path is connected to the light bulb	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because bulb a is contained within the same closed path as the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because there is a gap in bulb b	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
there is a damaged bulb	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
the path must be closed in order for the bulb to be lit	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulbs a and c are in separate paths.	A, B and C are in different paths
the battery is a chemical reaction that does not rely on the circuit being complete or not.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
You have reached a point where the terminals are not connected to each other.	the terminals are not connected
bulbs a and c are not in a closed path with bulb b	Bulb B is in a separate path
when switch z was closed bulb a was in a complete curcuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
had a closed path to the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
switch y is not in the path to the battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
There was no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal.	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
Not contained in a closed path	Bulb C was not in a closed path
The battery terminals have different electrical states.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because bulb a is damaged	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
an open switch causes a gap.	the open switch creates a gap
Bulb A and bulb C affect each other.	A and C are in the same closed path
the terminal is separated from the battery terminal	the terminals are separated by a gap
if it disrupts the path of the bulb and the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
if the switch it is in the closed path, then it affects the bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the battery is connected to itself in a closed path	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
switch y is not in the same path of bulb a.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
where the switch is in path determines whether it affects the bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
When a switch is open the circuit is no longer complete	there is an incomplete circuit
a bulb causes a difference in electrical state	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
The battery must be connected to the bulb	there is a complete circuit
the voltage between terminal 1 and the positive terminal is 1.5 V	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Because the positive circuit has a voltage of 1.5 volts.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the circuit is no longer complete when the switches are open	there is an incomplete circuit
the bulb is only connected at the negative connection.	the battery is in an open path
"Energy flows through the path so if there""s a gap, there""s no energy"	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is not a terminal connected to the positive path of the battery	the battery is in an open path
the terminal is not connected to the battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
If the path contains is closed with a battery, the bulb will light up.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 5	There is no gap between terminal 5 and the positive terminal
It cuts the current from the battery	the path is not closed
gap between terminal 3 and positive battery terminal	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
both bulbs a and c are contained in a closed path	A and C are in the same closed path
bulb a and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
because the gap creates a difference in electrical states	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the battery is contained in a closed path without any devices	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
there is still a closed path	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
the switch is in the same path as the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the are on the same wire	A and C are in the same closed path
bulb B does not effect the other bulbs	there is an incomplete circuit
there is a closed path	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
Because the meter was hooked up to two sides of the battery.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is no gap in the path	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
removing or damaging one bulb will not affect the other.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
if there is a gap between the terminals, the voltage will be different.	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
Because the chemical reaction is not effected by a gap.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
There is not a connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
that it is connected to the negative terminal	there is no gap between the terminals
terminal 1 is connected to the 1.5 volt battery.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
makes it an open path rather then closed	there is an open path
because A and C still have a connection to the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the battery is on a closed path	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
it was enclosed in a complete circuit	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
If it is in the same path as the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because of the chemical reaction in the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
becaquse there was a gap in the connection	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there was a negavtive gap	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
if the bulb is contained in a closed path with a switch	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
"because switch z is in bulb c""s closed path"	there is a path containing both Z and C
Bulb A and B are still contained within  closed paths	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
a battery always has voltage unless it is damaged	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 6 is connected to postive terminal of battery	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
Because terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6.	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
There is no difference in electrical states.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
because bulbs are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1	terminal 2 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
bulb B and C both still are on a closed path with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
bulb a and b are still contained in closed paths with the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
the bulb causes a gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
there is a gap between the battery terminal and the bulb terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
When a switch, a battery, and a bulb are in a closed circuit.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The terminals are not connected	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
circuit 2 is a short circuit	there is no closed path containing the battery
It is not in the same path as bulb A.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
the path must contain a battery	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
the blub is not contained in the same closed path as the battery	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
because it was connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are connected	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the battery always has voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the negative battery terminal and terminals 1, 2, and 3 are located closest to each other	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Terminal 4 is connected to bulb B	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
since a a gap does not affect the voltage of a battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the positive terminal is connected to the bulb	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because 1.5 v minus 0 v equals 1.5 v	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the switch has to be contained in the same path as the bulb and the battery	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
the bulbs are conained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
A battery and a closed circuit.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
because bulb C was not still contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
there is a closed path that contains bulb and a battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
"Both ends of the battery aren""t connected to each other."	there is no closed path containing the battery
There is a gap in the path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
because there was a closed circuit	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
if the bulb is contained within the path	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
a and c both create circuts with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
The positive battery is separated by a gap with terminal 1.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The positive terminal and terminal 1 read 1.5 V because the difference across the terminals is 1.5 V	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
because it is connected to a bulb that is a closed path	the battery is in an open path
because there is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 6.	There is a gap between terminals 1 and 6
Terminal 1 was connected to a negative terminal 4.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
because x and z could be closed and it will work.	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
the switch is in a path with the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulbs A and C are not on the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path
if bulb b is damaged it does not make a complete circut	there is an incomplete circuit
Bulb A and B are still contained within a closed path and connected to a battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
the value of measurement indicates if the bulb is burned out	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
bulb b and c are on a  closed path with the battery	no path containing both the switch X and either bulb B or bulb C
Bulb A is contained in a closed path and not affected by  switch Y.	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
The electrical states of two terminals when connected will determine the gaps and help to locate a burned out bulb.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
There was a closed path between the battery and bulb a.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
path 5 is a short circuit.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the electrical state can locate the gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
because bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery and switch x	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
the bulbs are on the same path with the battery	A and C are in the same path
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6 making the voltage 0	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
the negative battery terminal is connected to bulb terminal 1,2 and 3 only.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
That there is a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
a component to the battery	there is a complete circuit
terminal 4 is connected to the positive batterty terminal	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
because bulb A and B are within the same path	each bulb is in its own path
because it changes the path from closed to open	there is an open path
Because it was in the same circuit	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
a closed component to the battery	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Bulbs A and C are in separate paths.	A and C are in different paths
terminal 2 was connected to the negative terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb A and B will stil be in a closed path with the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
bulbs a and b are still contained in closed paths with the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
There was a closed circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
if it is in the closed path with the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Registering a voltage at a location tells you there is a gap somewhere in between the measured terminals	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
contained in the same circuit not connected to the opposite terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
it creates a gap in the closed path	a damaged bulb creates a gap
closed path, connected to a battery	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
becasue it can be in another closed pathway	There is a path containing A
because B and C were still on a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
It creates a gap, so no electricity from the battery can flow to the other bulbs.	there is an open path
Because there is a gap in the circuit.	there is a gap in the circuit
it was not a closed path	There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery
Because the battery is connected to the bulb	the battery is in an open path
there is a gap between the terminals	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the battery alone is in a closed path	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the bulbs are contained in diffrent closed pathes.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Bulbs B and C are contained on the same path with the battery.	B and C are in the same path with the battery
there was closed paths between the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because it had a complete circuit with no gaps to the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Because the first 3 terminals are connected to the negative side of the battery.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
bulbs b and c are on the ame path as the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
There is a gap in the connection	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
Terminal has the same electrical state	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
if the switch is in the path is can affect the light bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
"the electricity can""t pass through"	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Because bulb A is on a different path than bulbs B and  C	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Bulbs B and C will be on open paths with the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
bulb a was on a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in a closed path with the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
because the gap will not effect the voltage.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal and terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
the attery is not in a closed path	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
because it creates a gap which in turn created an open path	the open switch creates a gap
the negative battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6 and bulb c is damaged	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
when it disrupts a complete path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
There was a connection between terminal 1 and the positive terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
terminal 1 is connetced to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
There is no gap in the circuit.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there is a closed path that contains bulb a and does not contain switch y	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and bulb C are in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulbs a and b are still contained on a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Because it was not connect to the negative end of the terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because there was no gap from the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
There is a bad connection between a bulb terminal and a battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
Because it still caught the current from both terminals	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulbs b and c are not in a closed path with bulb a	each bulb is in its own path
Damaged bulb A creates a gap in the circuit	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
The current has shorted out the battery.	there is a short circuit
the terminals go from not being connected to being connected to each other.	the terminals are not connected
Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The battery is contaied in a closed path without another component.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
The battery and light bulb are not contained in a close path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Because one of the bulb terminals is bad, and the other ones are good.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because it is not in the path to the battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are not contained in the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
It has its own path that is connected to the battery	each bulb is in its own path
there is a gap between terminal 6 and a positive battery terminal	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
If the path is unbroken by the switch then the switch will not have an affect	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
bulbs a and c are wired within a closed path	A and C are in the same closed path
Because it was still connected to the battery terminal.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
There is no gap so there is no difference in voltage	there is no gap between the terminals
there is not a closed path that contains the batteyr and bulb b and bulb c	If bulb A burns out, there is no longer a closed path containing B, C and the battery
the voltage stays the same within the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because there is a bulb in one of the paths.	there is no closed path containing the battery
when a switch and bulb are whithin a closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
There is a gap in the circut.	there is a gap in the circuit
Terminal 1 is connected to terminl 4.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the positive battery terminal is separarted by a gap from terminal 3.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
If a switch is connected to a bulb it will still work.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Because Bulb C is not contained on the path of the other bulbs	A and B have their own path
terminal is connected to postive terminal of the battery	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
The voltage does not change.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The two terminals of a battery will always have different electrical states due to a chemical reaction inside the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there are other closed paths	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
The bulb does not effect the others	there is an incomplete circuit
THE ARE ON THE SAME PATH	A and C are in the same path
the posiive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 2 and the positive terminal had different electrical states.	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
switch z is contained in a closed path	there is a path containing both Z and C
The battery will have a different electrical state than the circuit	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
If one bulb is removed, the others stop working	A and C are in the same closed path
Terminals 4, 5, and 6 are only connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
positive battery is seperated by a gap from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because bulb c burning out would not damage the complete circuit	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
because bulb a and b are still contained within a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
because there was two negative connections	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
ARE ALL ON SEPARATE PATHS	A and C are in different paths
because switch y is not conatined in the closed path of bulb a and the battery.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and Bulb B and the battery are in a closed path.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
i said bulbs a and c are linked to the battery!	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
bulb a is contained in their closed paths	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
if the switch and the bulb are in the same path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the bulb is not fully in the path of the circuit	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulb A is not in the same path as Bulb B and Bulb C.	each bulb is in its own path
because the circuits will be closed	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
There is a gap in the closed path.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
There is not a closed path with the battery and bulb C	There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery
The electrical state will be non-zero	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
the positive terminal and terminal 2 are seperated by a gap	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Both components need to be in closed paths.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Switch X can still form a closed path	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
Because bulb B is damaged and does not allow the positive battery current to reach the other side.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are not connected to the positive battery terminal
terminal 6 is connected to postive end of battery and the voltage meter	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
positive terminal is serperated from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The battery is in an open path to the bulb.	the battery is in an open path
There will be a gap where the bulb holder is supposed to be	there is a gap in a circuit
Bulbs B and C will still be on closed paths with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
there is no difference in electrical states	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
all have the same voltage reading	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the path a bulb is on determines whether or not a switch affects a bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb A is on its own closed path and bulbs B and C are on the same closed path	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
bulb A is connected to switch Z	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Terminal 6 is connected to the posititve battery terminal.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb had a short circuit	there is a complete circuit
Battery will always have voltage.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
It turns off all the bulbs.	the open switch creates a gap
The voltage is 1.5 because thebulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because a and c are still in a closed circuit	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
there is still a closed path	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
the positive battery terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulb c is not on the same path as bulb a or bulb b	Bulb C is in a separate path
the terminals are connedted to the negative terminal of the battery.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
because those terminals are connected to the positive terminal of the battery.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
A light bulb is attached to the battery.	the battery is in an open path
switch z could be closed	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
The positive battery terminal is a closed path from terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
A damaged bulb disrupts the flow of the current.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
because there is no gap between the positive and negative terminal	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 1 is connected to a battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Bulb A was still in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
there is a gap in the connection.	there is no gap between the terminals
there is a closed path, with no lightbulb in the path	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
damaging bulb a creates a gap.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulb a is in the same path of bulbs b and c	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
bulbs a and c are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb b or c	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
because there is a gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the battery is contained in the circuit and the light bulb is not	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
because a chemical reaction inside the battery keeps the positive and negative terminals at different electrical states at all times.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the battery is in a closed circuit	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
Because it stops the flow of one side of a battery from reaching the other light bulbs.	the path is not closed
The battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain the voltage,	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because it was contained in same path as the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
Terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative terminal	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
bulb b and c are contained in the same path with the battery.	B and C are in the same path with the battery
it was in a closed path with a battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
the  negative batter terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Because the path between the battery and the light bulb is not closed	the path is not closed
There is a gap between the bulb and the battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
bulb a and bulb b are containe4d in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
That the terminals are not connected to each other.	the terminals are not connected
because a difference in voltage is due to a gap.	A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap
It was connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the batteries terminals are not connected	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
because the path was closed	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
if a bulb is in a closed circuit with a battery and a switch the switch will affect the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulb c is not in the same path of the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
+ releases current - recieves it?	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because there is not a closed circuit anymore for bulb c	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
Terminal 5 is connected to teh positive battery terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
electrical state is not connected to volts	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
it will cut off the circuit	bulb B creates a gap
Bulbs are on different closed paths	A and C are in different paths
the path will be closed	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
because the path is short	the path is not closed
both terminals were connected to the negative terminal of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Bulb A was in a closed circuit.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The path it was on	there is a path containing both Z and C
because terminal 1 had both a positive and negative charge.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
bulb b and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
that the bulb terminal is only connected to one of the battery terminals	there is no gap between the terminals
Bulbs A and C were still contained on closed paths with the batery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Terminal five is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
The gap prevents the terminals from being closed	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
because there is no closed path to the battery	the path is not closed
it can be either closed or open	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
terminal 6 has  gap	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
terminal one is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
there is a difference of 1.5 volts between terminal 1 and the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
"The battery""s voltage comes from a chemical reaction that takes place within the battery itself."	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
when the switch is on a closed path with the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
removing one bulb shuts off the other.	A and C are in the same closed path
bulb a is in a closed path with a battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
if the bulb and the switch are contained by a closed path then the switch affects the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
both of the terminals are connected to the negative battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
the bulb is not connected on both ends	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
The battery is not contained in the closed path	there is no closed path containing the battery
the bulb will not light	there is no gap between the terminals
If bulb B is damaged, then the circut is no longer closed.	there is no closed path
A battery and a bulb must be in a closed path together	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
a damaged bulb creates a gap in the path.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
bulb c and switch z are in the same closed path	there is a path containing both Z and C
A switch creates a break in the closed path.	the open switch creates a gap
because the battery has electricity and the gap does not	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
It must be in a closed path.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not connected to itself.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Because if the gap is open the bulb will not go on	there is a gap in a circuit
The path has to be closed in order for a switch to affect a bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed circuit containing the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and C will still be contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
removing of damaging any of the bulbs will shut off the other bulbs.	A and C are in the same closed path
It still has a connect path between bulb a and c and the battery.	there is an incomplete circuit
terminal is connected to the battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
I think the red X means that this is dangerous and should never happen unless something is seriously wrong.	there is a short circuit
terminal 1is connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
terminal one is not connected to terminal six	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
"if the switch is included in the bulb""s closed path, then the switch being open will affect the bulb"	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the terminals were connected to the positive terminals of the battery	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
if it is closed and contained in the same closed path with the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
its not effecting the current to switch A	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
the path has to be closed for the bulb to light up	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
The positive battery was not connected to terminal one.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
The circuit is not closed around the battery.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Because it can go through switch Z	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
the negative battery terminal is not reaching terminal 6	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Terminal 6 was only connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
if the path is closed with the battery, the switch doesnt affect it	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
it does not damage the battery	there is no closed path containing the battery
terminal 3 and the positie terminal are not connected.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
because bulb c is not included in the closed path	There is a closed path with A and B that C is not in.
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal had different electrical states.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
circuit was complete until gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the gap in terminal 2 is postive	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs a and c are in separate closed paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
because terminal one is connected to the positive battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb, battery, and switch are in closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
terminals 4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
the open switch will open the path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminal 5 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Because the battery is not in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
bulb a creates a gap	each bulb is in its own path
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
we can find the burnt out bulb by finding voltage between different terminals	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
the gap between the damaged wires of bulb b creates a gap in the path.	bulb B creates a gap
The terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are not connected
the terminals are on the same side as the negative side of the battery.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
switch y does not affect bulb A	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
because it was in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the positive battery terminal s separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
when switch z was closed bulb a was in a complete curcuit connected to the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
the terminal is connected to a bad bulb terminal.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
those terminals are on the same side as the negative battery terminal	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
it creates a gap in the current.	the open switch creates a gap
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there is not a complete path involving both battery terminals	there is no closed path containing the battery
Both the light bulb and battery must be in a closed path.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
the two terminals are connected	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb is contained in a closed path.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
because bulb a was still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
the battery is not connected correctly	there is a short circuit
because it has another closed path it can use	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Damaging Bulb A would disrupt the closed path with the battery.	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
The chemical reation still exists	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb C was off when switch Z was open because bulb C was directly in an open path.	Bulb C was in no closed path
because the voltage is the difference in electrical states between two terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because the broken bulb created a gap not allowing the current to flow through both.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
because a and b are in series and a and c are in parallel	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
It receives current from switche Z.	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
the positive batter terminal does not have a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
there is a gap caused by bulb A	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulbs a and c are not contained ina closed path	A and C are not in the same path
bulb a come before switch y	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulbs b and c are contained on the same path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
The voltage size is 0	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
same path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
if x and z are closed then it will create a closed path	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
because the voltage was 0 and there is a gap between 3 and 4	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
The terminal is connected to a negative terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
B and C are not in the same circuit as A.	each bulb is in its own path
bulb b created a gap	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
the battery is not connected to the bulb	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
damaged bulb a creates a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulbs b and c creat a gap in the path	Bulb B is in a separate path
there is a gap between terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because there is a gap in the bulb	there is a gap in a circuit
it is not in the same path with the bulb and battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
b and c will be in their own closed paths with the battery.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
it is connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
it the switch is blocking the battery it effects it if not then it doesnt matter.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
If the switch is on and makes a gap between the bulb and the battery.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Y is not needed for bulb a to light	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
terminal 1 is connected to negative	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
bulbs are in different closed paths	A and C are in different paths with the battery
"because switch y isn""t included in bulb A""s closed path"	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
When the switch is in the path of the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the positive battery terminak is separated ba a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
can complete the path by having z be closed	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
There will be a gap a bulb A	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
elictrical state of batter and terminal	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the terminal is connected to the battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
It creates a gap in the circut.	the open switch creates a gap
Bulb B and C were contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
the value of the measurement indicates if there is a gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
if the damaged bulb and the other bulb are contained within the same path	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
because bulb b is damaged so the path has a gap	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
circuit 2 is connected to a terminal on the battery	there is no closed path containing the battery
Because it has a gap.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
it runs on a different current	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
the posotive battery and terminal 1 created a circut	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the bulbs are on separate paths	Bulb B is in a separate path
a closed circuit containing a bulb and a battery	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are contained in differnt paths.	A and C are in different paths
It had its own path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Because the bulb is connected correctly.	the battery is in an open path
the battery is contained in a closed path	There is still a closed path
there is a gap in the path	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
Because there is a difference between the electrical states of the two terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is a gap in the circuit that causes a gap between terminals 1,2,and 3 and 4,5,and 6	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
Bulb B and C are still contained in a path with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
switch z is contained in a closed path to the battery	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path with the battery.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
there are two components in the path	the battery is in an open path
A and B are still in a closed pathway with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb a will not create a gap for bulb b and c	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
"bulb A""s path only contained switch Z"	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
An incomplete circuit does not affect voltage.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 2 has a gap	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because of the gap that bulb B created	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
B nor C will have a contained closed paths to the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
Because the battery runs in a closed circuit.	there is an incomplete circuit
Each circuit must have a connection.	there is a complete circuit
terminal connected to positive charge	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because it was not contained in the closed path.	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Bulbs A and B are on a different closed path	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
Because it is not in the same path	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
bulbs b and c have separate paths within the closed circuit	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
If the path is not closed, the switch will not affect the bbulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is a gap between teh positive battery terminal and terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
a battery is in a constant state of electricity	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because voltage is the difference between two terminals and those terminals were not connected in a closed path	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Because it is in an incomplete path	the battery is in an open path
There is a bulb connected to the battery terminal.	there is no closed path containing the battery
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative terminal on the battery.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 6 is connected to a positive battery terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there is a gap between terminal 3 and the positive terminal	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb c was not connected to the battery.	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
because terminal 4 is connected to the positive terminal but not the negative terminal	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
because it still was on a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 1	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulbs a and c are connected to the battery on the same path	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not in a closed path with itself.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
removing one bulb shuts off the other	A and C are in the same closed path
damaging one turns off the other	A and C are in the same path
bulbs a ,b, and c are on parallel paths	A and C are in different paths
"Without A, there""s no closed path"	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
because a battery has a chemical reaction that causes a voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
if it leaves a gap in the path with the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is a gap between the battery terminal and the bubl terminal	the terminals are separated by a gap
"it creates a gap that doesn""t allow the electrical current flow to to the other bulbs."	a damaged bulb creates a gap
because the battery is not in a closed circuit	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
bulb a is contained in a complete circuit when switch x is closed.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
A closed path with a battery and bulb	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
the bulb terminal and the negative battery terminal are separated by a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
bulb c does not create a gap	There is still a closed path
Bulb A will create a gap in the path	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
the bulbs are on the same path	A and C are in the same path
All components are in a closed circuit.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A damaged bulb creates a gap in the path	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the gap in the circuit causes the circuit to be an open circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
the paths of the circuit are no longer complete	there is an incomplete circuit
The battery and bulb need to be in a closed path together.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
because it is still connected to a batery	there is no closed path containing the battery
the bulb is not contained in a closed path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
an open switch contained in the path will leave a gap	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the bulb only has one terminal connected	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
There is a difference in electrical states.	the terminals are not connected
Because the two terminals will always have different electrical states.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the battery  is in a closed path with itself.	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4.	terminal 5 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
It creates a short circuit.	the path is not closed
there is no path between the bulb-holders	there is an open path
there will be a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Bulb A is within its own closed path and independent of B and C	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
Bulb B and bulb C are still in closed paths.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Bulb A is not in the same path as bulbs B and C.	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
Terminal one is connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
terminal 1, terminal 2, and terminal 3 are connected o the negative battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
"the battery isn""t working and is dead."	there is a short circuit
The bulbs will not be powered if the circuit path is incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
the battery is containing a negative charge only	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
A terminal is connected to a bulb.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
a is in a closed circuit when x is closed	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
bulb a and bulb c were still in a closed path with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
if bulb A burns out then bulbs B and C will no longer be in a closed path.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Terminal 5 is only connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
The gap seperates the positive and negative charges	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
bulb a is contained on a path separated from the closed paths of bulbs b and c.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
not connected to positive battery	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are not connected
"because the battery doesn""t get damaged sense it is coming in full contact a one end with the bulb."	there is no closed path containing the battery
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
bulb a and c are contained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Because there is a light bulb	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
bulbs b and c are contiained in the the same path with the battery.	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
each bulb contains its own closed path	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
the positive terminal and terminal 1 are seperated by a gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
b and c are both parts of complete circuts to the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
if the damaged bulb is on the same closed path with the battery	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
As long as X and Z are closed A will light	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
If it is a part of a circut that contains a bulb and a battery.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because bulb c is not in the same ppath	There is a closed path with A and B that C is not in.
switch is closed to make a closed path	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
bulb a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Because bulb A will still be contained on a closed path to the battery.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Because the voltage does not reach the bulbs.	the path is not closed
there is a gap between the bul and battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
the circuit path A was on was still closed	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The difference in electrical state	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
a damaged bulb does not make a connecton so the circut is not complete	there is an incomplete circuit
If bulb B is damaged, there is no path	there is no closed path
because bulbs B and C were still in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulbs b and c remain in a closed path with the battery	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Bulbs B and C are contained in the same closed path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
A burned out bulb indicates a gap in the connection between opposite ends of the battery terminals	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
Bulb A, Bulb C, and the battery are in a closed path.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
C would not create a gap for A or B	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
if the electrical state is non-zero you can find the gap in the circuit	A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap
a terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
the terminal it is connected to is not working	there is no gap between the terminals
There is a closed path with the battery and bulb A	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
If bulb B is damaged there is a gap in the circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
Because there is a gap.	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
the terminals are connected to each other.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
We switched the terminals around.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb a created a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulbs must contain battery in the path without a gap	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulb a is in a complete circuit with the battery when switch z is closed.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
Switch Y was not on the path of bulb A.	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Because neither of the components are connected to themselves.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
the positive battery is connected to the terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
if it is open and the bulb is no longer and a closed path because it is open	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because it was on a closed path	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
a damaged bulb does not complete the circut.	there is an incomplete circuit
The battery is not closed in a closed path.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
It is in the same closed path.	there is an open path
because the voltage meter was connected to a positive and negative side	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because bulb a is not in the path of switch y	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
Bulbs A and B are not within the same path as bulb C.	Bulb C is in a separate path
There must be a closed path.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
In circuit 5, the battery IS in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
It breaks the circuit flow between the battery and the bulbs	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the path must be closed with the battery and the bulb	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
Bulbs B and C are not on the same line as bulb A.	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
because there is a gap because bulb b is damaged	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
the battery is not connected to the terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
Because the battery is not damaged when lighting the bulb	there is no closed path containing the battery
the battery still holds the electrical charge if there is an incomplete circuit.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is no short circuit to the battery.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because Bulb A was still receiving positive and negative currents.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there is a gap between terminals 1 and 2 from the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
because bulb b and c were still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because bulb a is not in the same path as bulb b and c	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
the bulb is in the path of the circuit	there is no closed path containing the battery
bulb A and switch Z are in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
bulb a still has a path to the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
The circuit will become incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
there is still a path for the other 2	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
bulb a is in a closed path with the battery	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
There is a gap in the path.	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
If the switch is open, the path is not closed	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Closed connection between the bulb and the battery.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
both are on same closed paths	B and C are in the same path with the battery
when it creates an open path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there will be a gap between the bulbs	there is a gap in a circuit
it helps because you find the gap where the terminals are disconnected	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
because bulb a was in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
becuase the negative end of the votlage meter was connected to a positive circuit	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
bulbs a and c are on a closed path with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
connected to the negative terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
because the battery is in the closed path but the bulb is not	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
it was not in a complete circuit	Bulb C was not in a closed path
there is a gap between terminal one and two and the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
bulb a was on because it was contined in a closed path.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulb c is not in the same path of bulb a and b.	A and B have their own path
Bulb B is on a different path	Bulb B is in a separate path
terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
The negative battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 6.	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
if C is damaged, the bulb A and B ae contained in a closed path	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
bulbs b and c are in the same closed path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
A GAP WIL BE CREATED	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
the bulb must be in a closed circuit with the battery.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
bulbs a, b, and c are on a path with the battery	A and C are in the same path
the positive battery terminal and terminal 6 are connected	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulb A, bulb B and bulb C are in different closed paths.	A and C are in different paths
There is a light bulb and a battery present	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
the positive battery  terminal has no gaps from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
The circuit is complete with the battery and bulb a	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
bulbs B and C still are contained in closed circuits	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
since there is a gap	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because is shows connection to the bulb.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
There must be a closed path and a battery.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
because an open switch creates a gap.	the open switch creates a gap
There is a bulb in the circuit.	there is no closed path containing the battery
a and c are on the same closed path with the battery	A and C are in the same closed path
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed path containing the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
bulb C and A are contained in the same path with the battery	A and C are in different paths
the switch opens the closed circuit	there is an open path
because each bulb has its own pathway	each bulb is in its own path
switch y and bulb a are not in the same closed path	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Becuase the damaged bulb damages the path in which is was connecte to	a damaged bulb creates a gap
because it can have complete circuit if Zis closed and Y is open	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
terminals 1,2,and 3 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
because that created a gep in the circuit	a damaged bulb creates a gap
when the switch is the in a closed path with the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
C does not effect the others, their paths are still closed	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
Bulb A, bulb B, and bulb C are contained in different closed paths.	A and C are in different paths
becasue the terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
bulbs b and c were in a closed paty with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
the battery is in the closed path.	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
When one bulb goes out the rest go out.	each bulb is in its own path
An open switch means the circuit is not a closed path.	the path is not closed
bulb a is in the closed path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
for the same reason as 3	terminal 5 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
because switch Y did not affect bulb and and the battery closed path	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
switch z is closed so it still creates a complete path to the battery	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
there terminals are separated by a gap when the voltage jumps from 0 to 1.5.	the terminals are separated by a gap
The light bulb is not in a closed path	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
it breaks the closed circuit	the open switch creates a gap
The negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 1 and 2	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
the switch has to be within a closed path with the bulb and battery	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
the battery is not in a closed bath alone	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
battter is contained in a closed path	There is still a closed path
Blub A and bulb C are contained in different paths with the same battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
terminal 1 and 4 connected	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Switch Z can be closed instead	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
the conditions are a battery and a closed path	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are on the same side.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
Because there is a gap.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Each bulb affects the other bulbs	A and C are in the same path
because switch x can be closed and y can be open and A will light	There is a path containing A
Terminal 4 has a gap.	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
Bulb C is not contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
that there is no difference between the electrical states of the bulb terminal and the battery terminal	The terminals are in the same state.
because it damages the complete circuit	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
a short circuit has occured	there is a short circuit
Tells you that there is a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
the bulb is not contained in the path	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
because bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
Stops the path from being closed.	there is no closed path
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Maybe because there is still one path that connects A and C through B	there is an incomplete circuit
Because the positive battery terminal and terminal 6 were connected.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
the bulb is not connected to the positive connection of the battery.	There is no closed path
The open switch was in the path.	there is a path containing both Z and C
The battery is in a circuit with a bulb.	there is no closed path containing the battery
Because bulb c created a gap so then it had both a positive and negative charge.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The positive terminal is connected to terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulbs A and C were still on closed paths with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
Switch Y was in a dfferent path	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
if the damaged bulb is on the same closed path as the other bulb	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
It was in the same path as switch X.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
bulbs A and C are in different paths that do not contain bulb B	each bulb is in its own path
Bulb A, bulb B, and bulb C each have their own closed path with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
if the path is open or closed	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the battery is  not contained in a closed path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Because switch Y and Z are also connected to bulb A.	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
the switch has to be located within a closed path for the bulb to go on	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
if both bulbs are contained within a closed path	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulb a will burn out with bulb C	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 1 and 2 have the same voltage because there is a working bulb connected to the negative battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
The positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
Bulb A is in two different paths with the battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Because terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
Because there is a gap.	there is a gap in a circuit
There is no gap between the positive terminal and terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
It is not a closed path.	the path is not closed
that  there is no difference in electrical states of the two terminals	The terminals are in the same state.
There is still a closed path containing bulb B and C with the battery.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
because it has a positive terminal	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The battery terminal is connected to terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
terminal one is connected to a positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
if the switch is contained in the path with the bulb, the switch affects the bulb.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Both terminals of the battery is not connected.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
Terminal one is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
a voltage reading of 0 volts indicates a gap in the circuit.	there is no gap between the terminals
bulb a and c are contained on the same path with the battery	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
Bulb c is on a seperate pathway from A and b which are still connected to the battery.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
that there is no electrical connection	there is no gap between the terminals
the battery is in a closed path but connects with nothing else	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
the terminals must have a difference in electrical states to have voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the two components are seperated.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulb A is conected to the battery.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because positive charge is before gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
switch y is on a different path than bulb a.	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Switch Y is not on the path of bulb A.	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
bulb b and bulb c are in a closed path and bulb a is in a separate closed path	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
there is a complete circuit, with a battery and a bulb	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the bulb is contained in a cloed path with the battery	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
There is a gap between the two bulb terminals	the terminals are separated by a gap
the positive terminal and terminal 6 are connected	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
the bulb is contained in an closed circuit	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
terminals 1 and 2 are seperated by a gap	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
there is a gap at terminal 1	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
battery is contained on a closed path	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
bulb A creates a gap in the closed circuit	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
it always has the same voltage due to a chemical reaction inside of it	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminals are separated by a gay between the positive and negative terminals of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 2.	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Because it has one regardless of the circuit	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because of the gap in bulb B	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
there is still a closed path that contains the battery, bulb a, and bulb b	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
There is a gap in the path.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are not separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
the electrical states between the terminals is the same, resulting in 0	The terminals are in the same state.
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1.	terminal 2 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal with no gaps	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because it would cause a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
the battery is not contained in a circut	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
closed paths from the battery	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Switch Y did not effect bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path to the battery.	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
The component is not enclosed within the path and the battery is	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
there is a separation between the bulbs and the negative battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
Battery is not contained i a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
the battery is not contained in a closed path.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
When bulb B is damaged there is a disruption in the current.	there is a gap in a circuit
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on the battery.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The terminal is still connected to an electrical state of the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulbs a, b, and c are not contained in the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path
There is another component besides the battery in the circut.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
switch Y does not effect bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulb b and c are in a closed path	B and C are in the same path
battery is contained in bulb	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the bulbs are contained in a closed path	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
battery is contained in path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the terminal has an electrical state between terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because there was a gap in the pathway.	there is a path containing both Z and C
Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
because each bulb has its own path	A, B and C are in different paths
The positive terminal is not seperated from the gap	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
The battery is in a closed bath.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
"becuase bulb C is on it""s own pathway."	Bulb C is in a separate path
a connection to the battery	there is a complete circuit
You needed both a battery and a blub with the same path, and the path must be closed	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
there is a gap between terminal one and two	There is no gap between them
If the path is not closed then a bulb will not be on	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
there is not a gap in the connection	the terminals are not separated by a gap
bulb C is not in the same closed path as the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
because there is a gap	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
not contained insa me path	A and B have their own path
The switch determines whether the path is open or closed.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
A switch will affect a bulb it the bulb and the switch are in the path as the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
circuit 5 only has 1 terminal	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
there is a gap in the circuit	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
The bulb is in a closed circuit and the battery exists in that circuit	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
There is a gap between the postive terminal and terminal 1	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
When a bulb is damaged it creates a gap in the circuit	a damaged bulb creates a gap
positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
the other bulb will not light.	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
The positive battery is separated by a gap from terminal 3.	terminal 2 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
a closed circuit between a battery and bulb	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
because bulbs b and c are on a closed path with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
there is not gap between the terminals	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because there is a positive and negative connections	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
because it had no gap between the terminals	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
bulb b and bulb c are still contained in closed paths with the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
bulb b is a gap	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap
the battery is not closed the bulb is.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
becuase it is in a closed circuit with itself and the bulb is not i the closed circuit	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
The path has to be closed in order for the bulb to be on.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Terminal 1 is not connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
a terminal is connected to the negative battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 are not connected	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
removing bulb a will affect bulb c	A and C are in the same closed path
there is a difference in electrical states	the terminals are separated by a gap
because it is still in a closed circuit	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
there would be a gap in the circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
The battery uses the chemical reation to create voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The switch is contained in the path	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
bulb is contained in closed path	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
a terminal has an electrical state where theres a chemical reaction	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
makes  a short circuit	the path is not closed
terminal 6 is connected to the difference	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
A switch contained in a closed path with a bulb and a battery will affect the bulb.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
because the positive terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
it is not in the same path.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
damaged bulb creates a gap.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
the voltage is nearest the burnt out bulb	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
If Z is closed, A is still part of a complete circut.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
it is not in a closed path	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
it allows you to measure electrical states between terminals	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
there is no path through the connection of bulb b.	there is an incomplete circuit
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
"If the terminals at both ends of the bulb are the same, then it""s damaged."	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
circuit 5 is in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
B and C were still contained in a closed circuit with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
It will help find where the gap in the circuit is.	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
if bulb a burns out if affects bulbs b and c.	A and C are in the same closed path
the bulb is not contained within the path	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
there is no relationship between path bulb a and c	A and C are in different paths
when the switch is opened	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
"the battery terminals don""t connect without any devices"	the battery is in an open path
terminal is connected to postive end of battery	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
A battery will always have a voltage because the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals are always different.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulb b and bulb c are contain in the same closed path.	B and C are in the same path with the battery
because it opens the circuit, therefore the circuit is not closed	the path is not closed
because the battery is in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
The battery is connected to only one side of the bulb and is only running electricity back to the battery.	the battery is in an open path
Because neither components are in closed paths.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
switch X does not effect bulbs B and C	There is a path with B and C that does not include X
If there is an open switch in the path, the bulb will not be on.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb A will no longer be completing the circuts.	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Switch Y is in a different path than Bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
there is no path through bulb b.	there is an incomplete circuit
close the path and match the terminals	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
still have connection to battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
it was a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
Because bulb a was contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
there is a difference between terminal 2	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb c creates a gap	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 4, terminal 5, and terminal 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
"There are closed paths that don""t include bulb A"	each bulb is in its own path
because there is a closed circuit after bulb b	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb C and the battery are not contained in a closed pathway	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
circuit 4 is contained in an open path	the battery is in an open path
That the circuit is bad.	there is a short circuit
the path was closed and connected to the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
"the terminal""s electrical state is not effected by the incomplete circuit."	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
positive battery seperated by gap from terminal 1	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
because the path has to be open	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
A and B are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
because there was a gap in the terminals	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
The positive battery terminal is seperated by a gap from termnial one.	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb c does not create a gap in the path for bulb b and a	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
If the other bulb is no longer contained in a closed path with the battery	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
There is a gap after bulb b	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
both are on the same side of the circuit	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
the terminal are seperated by a gap when the bulb goes out	there is no gap between the terminals
the voltage of a battery does not depend on the components in a curcuit.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
The battery is contained in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb
the battery has its own chemical reaction	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because terminal 1 had no gap.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb a and c are on a different path with the battery	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
It stops the flow of electricity.	there is an open path
because it blocks the charge of the circuit.	there is an incomplete circuit
it is a open circuit	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
it was in a closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
because terminal 1 and the neavtive terminal are seperated.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the positve battery terminal is separated by a gap at terminal 1	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The battery is in a closed path, not connected to the light bulb.	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
switch z is contained on a closed path	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
The voltage has the same electrical state between any two terminals.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
you can locate the gap in a connection	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
the battery in circuit 5 is contained in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
It makes the circuit incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
Because there is no gap at terminal 1	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
because voltage is the difference in electrical states between two terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulb A and B will still be in a contained path.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
terminal 1 and terminal 6 are seperated by a gap	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
if the switch and bulb are contained in the same path, the switch will affect the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because bulbs A and C are contained in different paths with the battery	A and C are in different paths with the battery
the batter is in a closed path without any other components.	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
switch z is contained in a closed path	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
yes bulb A was on	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
switch z contains a closed path with the battery	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
bulb a and bulb c are contained in different paths with the bttery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Because the batter termnal was not separted by a gap from terminal .	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
if the path is open the bulb will be off	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
It will locate the gap.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
Bulb terminals 3 and 4	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the terminals are not connected to each other	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
beacuse it was in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
a gap causes a chemical reaction	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
switch y is not in the same path as bulb a.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A is contain in a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
"there isn""t a closed path of the battery"	there is no closed path containing the battery
switch z is contained in a closed path with bulb a and the battery	there is a path containing A, C, Z and the battery
because bulb a is in a closed path, and bulb c is in a closed path.	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
Bulb A and C are contained in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
switch y is not on the same path to battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
A and B are off	there is an incomplete circuit
if switches X and Z are closed it will complete the closed circuit for bulb A	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
because bulb a can go through the other path	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
allows you to identify any gaps	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
Bulb a was in a closed path with a battery.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
An open switch stops the energy flow	the path is not closed
when it creates a gap in a certain path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulbs b and c were contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
bulbs a and c affect each other.	A and C are in the same path
there is a closed path to the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
because there is a gap in the connection between terminal 1 and terminal 6	There is a gap between terminals 1 and 6
it checks the electrical state between two terminals.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
Because the electricity will not flow through the wires if the circuit path is incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
Because it was connected to the positive side.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the battery is not in a closed circuit	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
A is in the same path as C	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
Find where there are different electrical states	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
there was a closed path not effected by the switch	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Bulbs a and b will still be contained in a closed path with the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
there is a gap in the path	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the switch being open or closed determines if the path is closed or not	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are on the same side of the damaged bulb	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
because the electrical states between the two battery terminals will be different no matter what	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the the bulb terminal disconnected from the battery terminal	the terminals are not connected
Because it opens the connection	the open switch creates a gap
Terminal 1 is seperated from the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because the paths were still in a closed circuit with the battery terminal	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
because bulb a is in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
"because  it isn""t contained in a closed path."	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
because the damaged bulb a creates a gap in the path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
there is a gap in terminal 1	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
a terminal is cnnected to the positive terminal	the terminals are not connected
because of the gap in bulb b	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
connected to the negative terminal	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
because of the gap in bulb b.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
when the switch is closed	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Because bulbs A and C were in a separate closed path	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
bulb a, bulb b, and bulb c are contained in differentclosed paths.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
The path contains the light bulb and the path is not closed.	There is no closed path
bulb b and bulb c are contained within a closed path	B and C are in the same path with the battery
Because the battery and the bulb are not in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
if the damaged lightbulb is contained in the closed circuit	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
the battery is not contained in a closed path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
It must be connected to the battery.	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
bulbs A and C are not contained in the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path
measuring voltage between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal determines the gap in the connection.	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
Burned out bulb B will cause a gap in the closed path.	bulb B creates a gap
Because terminal 4 is connected to the negative terminal	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
The other terminals are only connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
switch x is contained in the same path as bulb a.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
The bulb and the battery are connected	the battery is in an open path
an incomplete circuit would not effect the the electrical state between the terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
becuase bulb C will be taken off the closed path when switch opens	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
Because it broke the circuit	There are no closed paths
terminal is connected to the negative battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
Bulb A and bulb C are in the same path.	A and C are in the same path
because x and z could be closed and bulb a will work.	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
there is a path way connecting to a bulb and battery	the battery is in an open path
Because the switch was connected to the closed circuit	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A
Bulb A and Bulb C are not contained in the same closed path	A and C are not in the same path
The positive battery terminal is seperated from the negative battery terminal	there is no gap between the terminals
a terminal is connected to differenet states	there is no gap between the terminals
it creates a gap in the circuit	a damaged bulb creates a gap
because terminal one and the positive battery terminal are on a closed path	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
it was contained within a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
There is still a voltage is the different terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the voltage is the difference between the electrical state of the terminals.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Terminal 1 was connected to a positive terminal 6.	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
you can find which bulb is burned out	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
there is not difference in eletcrical states	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Because there is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal	There is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal
there is a closed path, with switch z,  that contains bulb a and the battery	there is a path containing A, C, Z and the battery
Circuit 4 is not a short circuit because the battery is not contained in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
Bulb a was in a complete circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there was no closed path with the battery	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
for the same reason as 1	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
The positive battery terminal was not separted by a gap from terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
if bulb B is damaged, the path will have a gap	bulb B creates a gap
there is a gap between the negative battery terminal and terminal 4.	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
the only component in the closed path is the battery.	there is no closed path containing the battery
bulbs a and c are contained in closed paths	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
circuit 4 does not have a closed path	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
gap in circuit at bulb B causes the voltage reading to be 0	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal
a is in the same path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Because terminal 1 and 6 are connceted to the battery.	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
"Because the electricity can""t pass through"	the path is not closed
a gap in the circuit does not affect the voltage of the battery.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because a battery will always have a voltage even if it is 0	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
the positive terminal and negative terminal are not connected	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
the battery was contained in a circut	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
because that created a closed circuit	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
a battery and a closed path	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
bulbs will be affected by switches that are in the path	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
it will turn it off	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Because the bulb is not longer in a closed circuit	there is an incomplete circuit
the battery is not connected in the closesd path	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
and the circut is closed	A and C are in the same closed path
if a path is connected to an oen switch, the bulb will be off.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
It must be in a closed circuit.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Bulbs B and A are still contained on a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
bulbs A,B, and C are all on the same path	A and C are in the same path
there is no closed path that contains the battery, bulb b, and bulb c	If bulb A burns out, there is no longer a closed path containing B, C and the battery
all the bulbs are on parralel paths	A and C are in different paths
terminal 6 is conncted to the positive terminal	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
if switch x is open	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The terminals are connected to the opposite side of the battery	the terminals are separated by a gap
because if there is a voltage that means there is a gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the bulb is not conatined in a closed path	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
because there is a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
bulb a is in the same path of switch x.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
Terminal 4 is connected to the positve battery terminal and terminal 4 is not seperated by a gap	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
1 2 and 3 are connected t neative	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
Because there was closed paths from the battery to the bulb	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there is a gap in the circuit	there is a gap in a circuit
Bulb A and B are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
terminal one is connected to the negative	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
Terminal 5 is connected to the postitive battery terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
because bulb c doesnt effect the other closed paths	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 1.	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because bulb a was in a closed circuit with the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The path must be closed and contain the battery	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
circuit 2 is connected to the battery	there is no closed path containing the battery
Seperate paths connected to the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
The path does not close	the battery is in an open path
Bulbs A and C will still be on their own completed circuts.	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
bulb b and bulb c were in a closed circuit with the battery	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Bulb B and bulb C are still on closed paths with the battery.	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
"because by measuring voltage, you find the gap where there""s a difference in electrical states."	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
The gap causes a difference in electrical states.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulb b is not in the same path with bulbs a and c.	Bulb B is in a separate path
the switch is contained in a closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the bulb is not contained in a closed path.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
there is still a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulb c	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
the path only determines if a bulb is off when the switch is open	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
because you can find the difference in the voltage by measuring the gap	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
When it creates a gap.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
a battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states between two terminals	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
If the path is directly connected to the battery, then the switch affects a bulb.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
because switch z can be closed	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
terminal 1 and terminal 2 possess no difference	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
There are other closed path without bulb B	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
Because the positive batter terminal and terminal 6 were connected.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb c was not contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery
bulbs must be in a closed path with the battery in order to work	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
bulb a and switch x are in the same closed path	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
b and c are in a closed path with the battery	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
there was no gap in the circut	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because if bulb b is damaged, then there is no path through the bulb, creating an incomplete circuit	there is an incomplete circuit
bulbs B and C are on the same path as the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
The terminal is connected to a positive circuit.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb b and c are contained in the same closed path.	B and C are in the same path
"Well, it will have a voltage of zero, if that""s what you are asking."	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
it only has 1 connection.	the battery is in an open path
Bulbs are contained in an open path.	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
The battery is in the closed path	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
The electrical state difference tells you where the gap is.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
the bulb could be lit by having switch X and switch Z closed.	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
because the terminals are not connected	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
becuase the other terminals are connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because terminal 1 is not seperated by any gaps	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulb C will create a gap in the path	each bulb is in its own path
There will be a gap in the circuit.	there is a gap in the circuit
because it creates a gap bewtween the battery and the other paths	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
"If the switch causes a gap in a closed path, the bulb won""t turn on"	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
switch x is in the closed path with bulb a	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X.
There is another path through Switch Z	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
contained within the same closed path	A and C are in the same closed path
There will be a gap at one point in time and there will be a voltage decrease so you know.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are separated by a gap.
Bulbs A and B are contained in closed paths with the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
An open switch impacts a circuit because it causes the path to be closed, therefore the connection cannot be made.	the path is not closed
If buld B is damaged that will create a gap.	bulb B creates a gap
bulb b and bulb c are contained in the same path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
Because there is a gap due to a damaged bulb.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
A chemical reaction inside the battery makes the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals different at all times.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The positive terminal is not seperated by a gap.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
1 2 and 3 are on thnegative side	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
because there was no separation in the positive battery terminal and terminal 1.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
It has its own closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
different paths with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
C is not within the same path as B	each bulb is in its own path
the is an open path	the battery is in an open path
terminal 6 is directly connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
Bulbs A, B and C are on different paths	A and C are in different paths
if bulb c burns out a and b will both create circuts with the battery	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
when the switch is connected between the bulb and the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
battery is  in  a holder	there is a complete circuit
Its connected to the positive terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
the voltage of a battery is the result of chemical reactions within the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Electrical states between connected terminals will differ than those that are separated by a gap.	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
because it creates a gap, so the circuit becomes incomplete	a damaged bulb creates a gap
Bulb B is in a independent path	Bulb B is in a separate path
becuase it can follow that path that switch Z is on	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
the closed path contains bulb A, bulb B, bulb C, and a battery.	A and C are in the same closed path
The ppositive battery terminal is connected in terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
there will be a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
there was a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 1.	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
Because a bulb creates electricity.	there is an open path
there will be a gap at bulb b, thus affecting the rest of the circuit	bulb B creates a gap
there is always voltage even if there is a gap	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The A bulb is dead.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb C was in an incomplete path	Bulb C was not in a closed path
Because switch y does not affect the circuit that bulb a is on	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
because bulb a is connected to switch x and the battery is in a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
A terminal is connected to a bulb.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Because bulb A is connected to another path.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
"the electrical state difference between the battery""s two terminals"	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Only one terminal is involved in the circuit.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
has to do something with a gap	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because of the chemical in the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulb A is not in the same pathway as bulbs B and C.	each bulb is in its own path
Because the path connecting the bulbs will be damaged	there is a gap in a circuit
because the battery has its own electrical state within given by the lead	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
again, bulbs a and b will be contained on a closed path	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
A gap chause different electrical states with different voltages	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
because it was contained in a closed bath with the battery.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
the path has a gap, so the circuit is incomplete	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
complete path including a battery and a bulb	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery
Because it buld A was in a closed path with a battery.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the path has to be closed	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
it contains a bulb and does not complete a full circuit to the battery	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
the terminal is connected to the negative terminal of the battery	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Because it is not on the same path	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
A battery should connect to a bulb in a closed path.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
bulb a has its own closed path with the battery, bulbs b and c do not	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
terminal 1 and the positive terminal are connected.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because there is no gap between the terminals	terminal 1 is not separated from the negative battery terminal
terminal 1 and 2 are connected to the negtive terminal of the battery	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
There is always a difference in voltage between two battery terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because the current can not reach the bulb if the circuit is open.	there is an open path
a batter uses a chemical reaction to create voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
there was a gap in the circuit that C was on	Bulb C was not in a closed path
Terminal 5 is connected to the postive battery terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
When the switch is in the same papth as the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
that the bulb terminal and battery terminal are on the same side of a disconnected circut	The terminals are in the same state.
It tells you that it is connected to a positive battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
incorrect, or not a correct way to wire	there is a short circuit
There are 2 paths in this diagram	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
circuit has nothing to do with the batteries voltage	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulb a was still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
it created a circut with the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
There has to be a closed circuit battery.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
Bulb C is not contained in a closed path	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
Because the bulb does not have a closed path.	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery
becuase breaking one  bulb then affects the ability of the others to light up.	A and C are in the same closed path
because terminal 1 is directly connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the battery will always have a voltage.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
both bulbs a and c still have a closed path	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
because terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal which has a 1.5 volt difference with the positive terminal	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
A and B are on a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
the battery connects to the bulb	the battery is in an open path
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on a battery.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
the terminals are seperated from the positive terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
bulb a and bulb c are not on the same path as bulb B	A, B and C are in different paths
the terminals are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
bulb a affects bulb c	A and C are in the same closed path
bulb a was in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the positive battery terminal and terminal 5 are connected	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
its not recieving from either the negative or positive terminal	there is no gap between the terminals
by measuring you can find the gap which will show you which bulb is burned out	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
a damaged bulb causes a gap at the blub	a damaged bulb creates a gap
Terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
if a bulb and a switch are contained in the same closed path, the switch affects the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
the bulb is contained in the bath	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulb c is in its own pathway	Bulb C is in a separate path
Bulb B, and C are still ina contained path.	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and C still had a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
the battery always has a voltage because there is a positive terminal and there is a negative terminal.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The positive terminal has 1.5 V	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because switch x is open.	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
you can see where the gap is	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
the bulb is in a closed circuit	the battery is in an open path
not seperated by a gap	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
A terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
1 is connected to terminal 2.	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
bulbs a, b, and c are all in the same path.	A and C are in the same path
the terminals are connected to each other	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
If the path contains the switch, the bulb is affected.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
If B burns out there will still be closed paths for the other 2	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
because voltage measures the difference between two points	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Because there is a gap.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
The battery and the bulb must be in a closed path together.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
there is a closed path	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
The difference between the electrical states is 1.5 volts	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The bulb takes away the path.	there is an open path
when it is in the same path as the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is no gap between the posittive terminal and terminal 1	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 4	There is no gap between terminal 5 and the positive terminal
bulb b and bulb c are still contained in a closed path with the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
It determines whether or not the light bulbs will turn on.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb C was in an open path,	Bulb C was not in a closed path
both bulbs B and C are in the same path as bulb A	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
There is no difference between the two terminals.	The terminals are in the same state.
Bulb a and switch Y are not in the same path.	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
Bulb A is not on the same path that Bulb B and bulb C are.	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
It is being attatched to the wrong side.	there is no gap between the terminals
because 1.5 v is the difference between the positive terminal and terminal 1	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
A red X means the battery is in a short circuit.	there is a short circuit
if the switch is open in a path with the battery and bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulbs b and are not in a closed path with bulb a	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulb a and bulb b are still in a closed path with the battery.	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
bulbs a and c are not in the same closed path as bulb b	Bulb B is in a separate path
If any bulb is out, it affects the whole system and everything is blocked from the battery.	each bulb is in its own path
because the terminals are in the same state	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
Because it was contained in the battery that has a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because bulbs a and b are still contained in a closed path with the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
4, 5, and 6 are connected to the positive side	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
If bulb B is damaged a gap is created.	bulb B creates a gap
It is an open path.	there is a short circuit
because the the circuit is complete.	the path is not closed
for the same reason as 3	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
because it was connected to the positive terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because bulbs a and b have their own closed paths	bulbs A and B are in a closed path
the path will have a gap	each bulb is in its own path
Because their is a gap between A and C now.	there is an incomplete circuit
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are the same	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected and in the same electrical state
the red x means that the circuit is not safe.	there is a short circuit
the battery connects with bulb a and b	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because it is not a closed circuit.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
When switch is open it creates a gap in the path.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
There is still a closed path that contains the battery, Bulb B, and Bulb C.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
damaged bulb b creates a gap	bulb B creates a gap
because it can travel by bulb c	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
there is still a closed path to the battery for bulbs b and c	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
4 5 and 6 are not connected to negative battery terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal
It breaks the closed path.	the open switch creates a gap
if it is on a series with other bulbs	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulbs are on the same closed path	A and C are in the same closed path
B and C will no longer be contained in a closed path to the battery.	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
bulbs b anc c are on the same closed path with the battery but seperate from bulb a	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
"Because it didn""t cause a gap."	each bulb is in its own path
the terminal is connected to the battery	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
turning off one bulb will not turn off another bulb	A and C are in different paths
terminal 5 is connected to postive terminal of the battery	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
If the switch is contained in the same path with the Bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.	There is no gap between terminals 1 and 4
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
the other terminals are connected to the positive terminal.	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
because there is no closed path	the path is not closed
The open switch makes the circuit incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
because it creates a gap in the circuit.	a damaged bulb creates a gap
Because bulbs A and C are on different closed paths with the battery	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
A is on a cloosed battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The light bulb must be connected to both sides of the battery and there must be a closed circuit.	there is a complete circuit
terminal 5 is connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
Because it decides whether the bulb will be lit or not	the path is not closed
If a switch is open, the circut is no longer closed.	the path is not closed
bulb b and c are still in a closed path with the battery.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb a and c	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths
the battery is connected to a bulb	the battery is in an open path
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are connected	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
Because there was no difference	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different path with the battery	B and C are in the same path with the battery
there was a gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 2.	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
the closed path still existed for bulb A even though switch Y was open	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
positive is seperated from negative!	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
Because it is not in the same path.	There is a path containing A
there is no electrical states	there is no gap between the terminals
Bulb A was still in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because it opens the circuit	there is an open path
Because it was still in a closed circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is conected to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
terminal 1 was connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The path may not connect a bulb to the switch.	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
you can determine is broken bulb is before a gap or after	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
Terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
if the switch is contained in a closed path.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
because there is a gap between terminal 3 and 4	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
Bulbs A and B are not on the same path as Bulb C.	Bulb C is in a separate path
the path passes the energy through the switch	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
It was contained in a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
The open switch makes the path open	there is an open path
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected
bulbs a b and c are on a closed path	A and C are in the same closed path
because all the terminals are connected to other terminals, an open switch disrupts that.	the open switch creates a gap
there was a gap in bulb B	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 5	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
the batter is contained in switch y	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
the difference electrical state will show the burnt bulb	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb.
There is no connection between the bulb terminal and the battery terminal.	the terminals are not connected
The battery is not in a closed path.	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
depends on whether it is before or after the bulb	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is a gap in the circuit	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
the negative battery terminal is connected to terminal 4	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
There will be a gap in the path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
Because the terminals are not in a closed path, so you are giving the voltage of the battery itself	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because it is measuring the difference in electrical states between two terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because of the gap at bulb b	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
switch Y does not affect the closed circuit of bulb A	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
electrical states will determine whether there is a gap or connection in the circuit	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
Because a closed circuit was formed.	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
if the path is closed, the bulbs will remain on.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Because the voltage is the same.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
seperate paths connected to the battery	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
bulb B becomes a gap in the circuit	bulb B creates a gap
If the switch and the bulb are in the same path.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
terminal 5 is connected ot the positive battert terminal	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
because bulb A was still contained in a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because the outcome of the bulb will not affect each other	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
The battery is in a short circuit.	there is a short circuit
You can find where there is a gap	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap.
Becuase there are still 2 closed paths for the battery to send volts through.	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Because these terminals all had a reading of 0.0 volts	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
there is a gap in the connection	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap.
it is in a closed path with the battery	there is a path containing A, C, Z and the battery
Bulbs A and B are contained in a closed path with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
Bulb A and bulb C are still on a closed path that contains the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the swithch affects the bulb if it is on the same path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
circuit 5 only has one terminal to the battery	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
"because the battery always has a voltage unless it""s dead"	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The battery is contained in a closed circuit and there is nothing in its pathway	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components
Because it has two electrial states within itself.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Bulbs b and c were in a closed path with a battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
Bulb A and bulb b are still contained in closed paths with the battery	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
I guess because it is in the center.	Bulb B is in a separate path
because the two ends of the battery do not connect to one another	the battery is in an open path
The battery keeps a chemical reaction reaction.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
a switch will effect a bulb if it in the closed path to the battery	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
there is a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
Circuit 2 is not a closed circuit because the battery and the bulb are connected.	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
terminals 4,5, and 6 are connected to the positive terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
the positive battery terminal is not connected	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal
because bulb c was contained in an open path with the battery	There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery
a large one, if it is closed it will light up but if it is open it will not	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
Bulb A is on a closed circut path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
The bulb is only connected to that side of the battery terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
If the bulb is on the same closed path	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
One side is closed the other side is open.	the battery is in an open path
there is no closed path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
bulb a was contained on a closed path with the battery	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
positive and negative is seperate	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected
It is a closed path.	there is no closed path containing the battery
It makes the circuit incomplete.	there is an incomplete circuit
bulb a and b will be on.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
there is a gap, so the terminals are connected to the negative side of the battery.	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
the bulb in burned out	There is still a closed path
Terminal 4 is only connected to the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected
the battery and a created a complete circut	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
The path determines if the bulb will turn on or not	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
it was connected to both terminals of the battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there is a path from bulb to battery	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
Through bulb A, bulb B is still contained in a closed path to the battery.	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery
the battery is contained in a closed path	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
if switch and bulb are contained in the same closed path	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
bulb c does not affect the path of a and b.	If C is damaged, A and B are still in a closed path
Bulbs B and C werer still contained in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because the positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from  terminal 6.	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
gap between 3 and positive battery	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
there is no closed path in circuit 4.	Circuit 4 has no closed paths
because the voltage doesnt change in the battery	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because bulb A was still on a closed circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
there is a gap at bulb b	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
it is on a closed path	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
A IS ON ITS ON PATH B AND C SHARE A PATH	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C
There is a chemical reaction.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
bulb B and C will no be in a closed path with the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
still connected to the battery	If bulb A burns out, B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery
bulb a and c are contained in a closed path with the battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
Bulbs have to be contained in closed paths with the battery	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery without the y switch.	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
bulbs b and c are contained in the same path	B and C are in the same path
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery.	A and C are in different paths with the battery
Switch Z is in the same path as bulb A	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z.
not contained inthe same path	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path.
bulb b and c are on a closed path to the battery	If bulb A burns out, bulbs B and C are still in a closed path
there are still complete paths to the battery for B and C	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
Because the two terminals are connected	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected
there was a gap in the terminal	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path
bulb a creates a gap	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
there was a gap from terminal 2 to terminal 6	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
There is a light bulb in the circuit	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
it was still on a closed path	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
There is a gap in the circuit.	there is a gap in a circuit
There is no path through bulb B	there is no closed path
Bulb C is in an indepedent path	Bulb C is in a separate path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state
If the switch is in front of the path of a light bulb or not.	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
The bulb must be in a closed pathway containing the battery	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
there is a gap between the positive battery connection and the bulb terminal.	there is no gap between the terminals
a gap causes a lost connection	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
The bulb is dead pr not connected to the battery terminal	there is no gap between the terminals
The electrical state is interferred with.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
because bulb c was in an open path	Bulb C was not in a closed path
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery
because the battery has its own chemical reacion between the positive and negative tterminals it contains	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected
bulb a will light when it is in a closed path with the battery.	there is a path containing A, C, Z and X
a switch is contained in the path	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
because bulbs a and c have their own closed paths	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path
the bulb creates a gap in the closed path	If bulb A burns out, neither B nor C is in a closed path
open switch and broken bulb are the same	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
a terminal is connected to another terminal	Terminals 4, 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal
Bulb A and C are still in a closed path with the battery.	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
When the switch is in the same path as the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because each bulb has its own complete path	each bulb is in its own path
the battery is not conatined in a closed path	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path
there is still a closed path that contains the battery, bulb b, and bulb c	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery
the battery contains bulb a and b on a closed path	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery
The positive battery terminal was not seperated by a gap from terminal 4.	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap
terminal 6 is connected to terminal 1	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap
bulb c creates a gap in the closed path.	If C burns out, then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery.
bulb a and bulb c are wired in parallel	A and C are in different paths
that the battery connection does not work	there is a short circuit
Short circuit or bad battery.	there is a short circuit
if there is a gap in the circuit there the bulb will not light up.	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected.
terminal 1 and 2 have the same difference in electrical states	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state
there is no gap between terminal 1 and the positive terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
The path must be closed	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
it was connected to the positive terminal	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
It has its own path connected to the battery	each bulb is in its own path
if it is in the same path as the bulb	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
circuit do not effect electrical state between terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
The battery is connected to the bulb	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path
there was a gap from terminal	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state
the battery is in a closed path.	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb
Bulb A has a closed pathway	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
it depends on whether its an open or closed path	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
because the bulb is in a closed path	there is no closed path containing the battery
There is a difference in electrical states between two terminals.	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
Because terminal 1 is seperated from the positive battery terminal.	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
When it is on the same pathway as the batter and the bulb.	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path
because there is a difference in electrial states between the two terminals	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals
because the gap provides separation to the terminals	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
Because their was a connected circuit.	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
The are both connected the negative battery terminal.	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected
there is a difference in electrical states	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected and in the same electrical state
bulbs b and c are contained in the same closed path.	A and C are not in the same path with the battery
There is still a closed path	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z, Switch X, Bulbs A and C and the battery
the two terminals will both be 0	The terminals are in the same state.
those terminals are connected to the negative side of the circut	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal
The damaged bulb B has left a gap in the path so the charge can not reach it	Terminals 1, 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap
because it was in a closed circuit	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery.
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal and terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected
A closed path with a battery enables the bulb to be on.	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb
the circuit needs to be closed	the circuit has a closed path
the bulb will be burned out because the terminals	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path
The battery is in a closed path that does not contain any other components.	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components
the bulb terminal and the battery terminal are separated by a gap	there is no gap between the terminals
not in the same path	Bulb C is in a separate path
the terminals are not connected	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected
The bulb and battery must be contained in closed paths.	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path
because bulbs b and c are in a closed path with the battery.	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery.
because there was a positive and negative connection	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal
it was seperated by a gap from terminal 3	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap
No electricity is being produced.	there is a short circuit
